hello friends with you hulky at will
fate in my hangar turned out to be auctions
Soviet heavy tank of the fifth level and
kv-220 I want to say this car is very
cool to all fans of powerful
armored heavy tanks breakouts
sure like i have two for you
news and I'll probably start with a bad tank
is a promotional buy it in premium
the store will not work good wife here
is that from September 1 to 8
October 2014 for the implementation
certain combat missions in the game can
get kv-220 and so will not
pull off nice let's rush in
fights give away all in a row on all 220
volt
First, I'll start by saying that the game is on
This tank, you will very often
get to the top of the list as kv-220
has a love level of fights that can't
not to please us and just do not push
fear well low-level cars when
meeting with such a monster here one more
plus yes what's the most important there
plus is armor
it is strong enough from which side
Penalties for finding the thickness of the armor of the tower
is 90 millimeters forehead and era not
5 millimeters bead and feed and honest
saying booking the tower is much inferior
the most important competitor on the fifth
level kv-1 but the case is the opposite
armored perfectly 100 millimeters forehead
and and sides and 8 karma items such
armor thickness allows you to tank move
sau bol entrance barton yes and if to be up
the end of the frank and in karma, not every
of possible opponents will be able to break through
but if so put rum tuba at all
become virtually invulnerable and
can fight back to several
opponents and effectively deter
directions from personal experience I want
notice you don't forget your mouth and
other high-explosive technology
shells very often feeling their
invulnerability can be punished
from art not only big damage but also
crew cards and
remove after total armor analysis
I personally concluded for myself
best practice on this tank is
an attack in this particular battle we
will see thanks to the thick circular defense
You can crush the defense of the enemy of course
I attach to this not only
dignity of the tank but also its head
don't get close to yourself
enemy tlt chic because the dynamics
sockets hellish little body turn just
only 20 degrees per second
fuck he does not work but if something
and it will come out applause and perekop
Encore he obviously did not receive
mediocre mobility is not
the only minus kv-220
sinful laugh at his weaponry
much really inferior if
compare it with classmates
armor penetration make such and such
ninety nine millimeters which is very
very little for such a unit and even
gun kasaev yes and mixing desires
the best
Of course this is partly compensated
76mm rate of fire
gun zis-5 can cause an average
110 damage per shot at 14
shots per minute plays into our hands
it can allow us to inflict enemies
1540 damage per minute but this
of course with the best confluence
circumstances because a number
armored tanks such as example
kv-1 punch gets complicated there
goldie zhko have to charge speed
racer among heavyweights tanks
call apt-220 we just do not have language
will turn
he is in the charts is wrong
so high yes and review it stand out
also can not but what am I getting at
the fact that all of the above is simple
compels a to settle to settle in the bushes
retreat with the enemy exclusively in
melee yes yes friends this is true
tyazh you breakthrough tank by the way let's
touch and the mass of the tank 62 tons and it
you are not huhry-mukhry lovers of rams can
now just jump for joy because
that such tricks with apt-220 will go off with a bang
now let's move on to
equipment and its what we offer
I chose near
medium caliber gunner
to speed up the charge time by ten
percent reinforced aiming drives
which will allow us to be quickly reduced and
improved ventilation that will give us a plus
5 percent ownership
specialties and skills of all members
crew also any of these modules
can be changed to enlightened optics
to compensate for a little small review
tank to tie up crew personal urine then
nor has it safely transplanted already
coordinated team cisa 7 first thing
I have perk fighting brotherhood
to give the fighters even more
confidence but again plus 5 percent
to all skill and skill are superfluous not
will be further commander in mandatory
ok get neither from the third eye
see that you are feeling with that
the rest of the crew study hard
repair if you decide on any
reasons to plant not yet trained type
first of all study commander
light bulb and the rest of the repair as we
see on the game in the forefront of our apt-220
walk selfless and absolutely
well
but there is another tactic to play on it
Of course she is not very suitable for this tank.
Fits but you never know what circumstances
can make us play defensively
for example, well, you decided to proudly wait for enemies
at my base
the best outcomes for you will be just
find shelter hidden their heroes leave
at the same time for the enemy only mask guns
so old will be oh so hard to get in and
all the more punch but only for me
This tactic is just completely and in tatters
happens to be the full potential of tanks so don't
afraid you can go ahead and show
its allies that they are yours for
Stalin you Tina Well, now let's
summarize everything we said at the beginning
I am this tank
clearly did not understand for me was just how
not recognized driving a large boulder not
having no review for me was
wonder why before i do anyone
I see I need to get dozens from the park
there are no penetrations
anyone charge well
but after I transplanted to it
normal crew affair began gentlemen
jury
super impenetrable armor rapid
the gun on top will cover the little
one-time damage and low speed
mediocre review nice to feel
with their hands a powerful tank designed
it's nice to be aware of interruptions
that you a lot depends on this fight and
allies he counts you
yeah damn it tv just nice you
tank rare guest in random and with
Here you see the base turned tower
you and you read the question where did you get this
the miracle of tank building personally from me kv-220
deserve great respect he took one
from the first places among my tanks on this
all friends put likes write
comments see my reviews and
subscribe to my channel thank you all
bye bye bye